STY: version cap on numpy (#141)
pysat/pysatNASA: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

## [0.0.5] - 2023-XX-XX
* Maintenance

>   * Added a version cap for numpy (required by pysatCDF, revisit before release)

Author: ```suggestion
  * Added a version cap for numpy (required for cdf interface, revisit before release)
```
